The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
How vexingly quick daft zebras jump.
Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack.
Sphinx of black quartz, judge my vow.
The five boxing wizards jump quickly.
Jackdaws love my big sphinx of quartz.
Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed.
The jay, pig, fox, zebra, and my wolves quack!
Blowzy night-frumps vex'd Jack Q.
A wizard’s job is to vex chumps quickly in fog.
Watch "Jeopardy!", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game.
By Jove, my quick study of lexicography won a prize.
Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz.
Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him.
Adjusting quiver and bow, Zompyc killed the fox.
My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit.
Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag.
The lazy major was fixing Cupid’s broken quiver.
Whizzing jazzbleaux packed my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
We promptly judged antique ivory buckles for the next prize.
Jaded zombies acted quaintly but kept driving their oxen forward.
The job requires extra pluck and zeal from every young wage earner.
A quart jar of oil mixed with zinc oxide makes a very bright paint.
Whenever the black fox jumped the squirrel gazed suspiciously.
We picked a pair of new fuzzy gloves for the quirky jazz master.
Open your eyes and see the beauty of the world around you.
Typing fast is a skill that takes time/practice to master.
Coding is not just about writing syntax/it is about solving problems.
To be or not to be that is the question.
All the world's a stage and all the men and women merely players.
I think therefore I am.
Knowledge is power.
Time is money.
Practice makes perfect.
Better late than never.
Actions speak louder than words.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
Look before you leap.
The early bird catches the worm.
Rome was not built in a day.
When in Rome do as the Romans do.
Honesty is the best policy.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
