Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers.
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
She sells seashells by the seashore.
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair.
I scream you scream we all scream for ice cream.
Red lorry yellow lorry red lorry yellow lorry.
Unique New York you know you need unique New York.
Betty Botter bought some butter but she said the butter's bitter.
Six slippery snails slid slowly seaward.
A big black bug bit a big black bear.
How can a clam cram in a clean cream can?
I saw Susie sitting in a shoeshine shop.
Can you can a can as a canner can can a can?
I wish into wish the wish you wish to wish but if you wish the wish the witch wishes I won't wish the wish you wish to wish.
Roberta ran rings around the Roman ruins.
Fred fed Ted bread and Ted fed Fred bread.
Which wristwatches are Swiss wristwatches?
Lesser leather never weathered wetter weather better.
Cooks cook cupcakes quickly.
Nine nice night nurses nursing nicely.
So this is the sushi chef.
Four fine fresh fish for you.
Wayne went to wales to watch walruses.
Eddie edited it.
Snap crackle pop.
Truly rural.
Good blood bad blood.
Pre-shrunk silk shirts.
The thirty-three thieves thought that they thrilled the throne throughout Thursday.
Send toast to ten tense stout saints' ten tall tents.
Rory the warrior and Roger the worrier were reared wrongly in a rural brewery.
Six sick hicks nick six slick bricks with picks and sticks.
The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
Any noise annoys an oyster but a noisy noise annoys an oyster more.
Black background brown background.
Which witch is which?
Give papa a cup of proper coffee in a copper coffee cup.
Imagine an imaginary menagerie manager managing an imaginary menagerie.
The great Greek grape growers grow great Greek grapes.
Thinking of a thought of a thoughtful thought.
What a to-do to die today at a minute or two to two.
A skunk sat on a stump and thunk the stump stunk but the stump thunk the skunk stunk.
Lesser leather never weathered wetter weather better.
She saw Sharif's shoes on the sofa.
But she was totally sure she saw Sharif's shoes on the sofa.
How much ground would a groundhog hog if a groundhog could hog ground?.
Moses supposes his toeses are roses but Moses supposes erroneously.
If a dog chews shoes whose shoes does he choose?
Thirty-three thirsty, thundering thoroughbreds thumped Mr. Thurber on Thursday.
Two toads totally tired trying to trot to Tewkesbury.
He threw three free throws.
The big black bug bit the big black bear but the big black bear bit the big black bug back.
Red leather yellow leather.
She stood on the balcony inexplicably mimicking him hiccuping and amicably welcoming him in.
If you must cross a course crosscow across a crowded cow crossing cross the cross coarse cow across the crowded cow crossing carefully.
Can you imagine an imaginary menagerie manager imagining managing an imaginary menagerie?
I slit the sheet the sheet I slit and on the slitted sheet I sit.
A proper copper coffee pot.
Around the rugged rock the ragged rascal ran.
Long legged ladies last longer.
Mixed biscuits.
A box of biscuits a box of mixed biscuits and a biscuit mixer.
Red bulb blue bulb.
Red blood green blood.
Toy boat toy boat toy boat.
Top CHopstick shops stock top chopsticks.
The bluebird blinks.
Clean clams crammed in clean cans.
Six sticky skeletons.
Three free throws.
Which witch wished which wicked wish?
Comical economists.
Cat Kicker.
Fresh fried fish Fish fresh fried Fried fish fresh Fish fried fresh.
Good blood, bad blood.
Unique New York.
Many an anemone sees an enemy anemone.
Split sprinkle spanks.
Rubber baby buggy bumpers.
Stupid superstition.
Sixty-six sick chicks.
The bottom of the butter bucket is the buttered bucket bottom.
How much caramel can a canny cannonball cram in a camel if a canny cannonball can cram caramel in a camel?
Dr. Johnson and Mr. Johnson, after great consideration, came to the conclusion that the Indian nation beyond the Indian Ocean is back in education because the chief occupation is cultivation.
Six sharp smart sharks.
Give me the gift of a grip top sock: a drip-drape, ship-shape, tip-top sock.
Three gray geese in the green grass grazing. Gray were the geese and green was the grass.
We surely shall see the sun shine soon.
Rolling red wagons.
Fred Threlfall’s thirty-three threads.
Six thick thistle sticks.
Selfish shellfish.
Flash message.
Irish wristwatch.
Swiss wristwatch.
Specific Pacific.
Aluminum, linoleum.
Red Buick, blue Buick.
Greek grapes.
Strange strategic statistics.
World Wide Web.
Flash fresh fish.
Quick kiss.
Quicker kiss.
Quietest kiss.
Really rural.
Rear wheel.
Rich wristwatch.
Rocket launch.
Round the rugged rocks the ragged rascal ran.
Seventy-seven benevolent elephants.
She sees cheese.
She sells sea shells by the sea shore. The shells she sells are surely seashells. So if she sells shells on the seashore, I'm sure she sells seashore shells.
Shoe section.
Six short slow shepherds.
Six sticky skeletons.
Six thick thistle sticks. Six thick thistles stick.
Six twin screwed steel steamships.
Snipe snort.
Soap shop.
Soup spoon.
Splish splash.
Spoon soup.
Spotted Swiss wristwatches.
Sticky skeletons.
Strange strategic statistics.
Strict strong string.
Sun shine.
Sunshine.
Superstition.
Sure sign.
Sushi chef.
Swan swam over the sea. Swim, swan, swim! Swan swam back again. Well swum, swan!
Swiss wristwatches.
The big black bug bit the big black bear, but the big black bear bit the big black bug back!
The thirty-three thieves thought that they thrilled the throne throughout Thursday.
The two-twenty-two train tore through the tunnel.
Thieves seize skis.
Thin sticks, thick bricks.
Three free throws.
Three gray geese in the green grass grazing.
Three short sword sheaths.
Tie twine to three tree twigs.
To sit in solemn silence in a dull, dark dock.
Tom threw Tim three thumbtacks.
Toy boat.
Toy phone.
Truly rural.
Twelve twins twirled twelve twigs.
Two toads totally tired trying to trot to Tewkesbury.
Unique New York.
Upper roller lower roller.
Very well, very well, very well ...
Wayne went to Wales to watch walruses.
We surely shall see the sun shine soon.
Which wristwatches are Swiss wristwatches?
Which witch is which?
Which witch wished which wicked wish?
White wings.
Wild wind.
Willie's weary.
Willy's real rear wheel.
World Wide Web.
Yellow leather, red leather.
You know New York, you need New York, you know you need unique New York.
Zebras zig and zebras zag.
